Create README.md for the "recipes" MDX directory (#23230)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-recipes/recipes/README.md

# Gatsby Recipes MDX Source

These are the MDX files for the official Recipes. [Please contribute!](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/how-to-contribute/) We welcome PRs for new recipes and fixes/improvements to existing recipes. 

> Note: GitHub doesn't yet support viewing MDX files so to view them, click on the "Raw" button after clicking into one of the recipes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: GitHub doesn't yet support viewing MDX files. In order to view a recipe in the GitHub UI you'll want to click into the file and click on the "Raw" button.
```
